Welcome to Rhythm Challenge Tower!
Things are a little different here.
You can't rely on looking at the notes!
just tap [KA] to the beat!
The music will dissapear sometimes,
so let's use a metronome to practice.
That wasn't so bad, was it?
But be careful...
The metronome won't be around forever!
Can you keep the beat?
Fantastic work!
You seem ready for the real thing!
Are you ready? It's a long way up there!
Can you keep the beat?
Almost there!
Impressive! You made it all the way to the top!
Oh...? I think I can see another tower from here...
I hope to see you rise to the challenge, but for now,
bask in the glory of this accomplishment!
For now, this is farewell. Thank you for visiting!